For those of you who didn't do quite as good as you would have liked to
in high school, hopefully that doesn't come to bite you later on.
The military has this entrance exam that's going to test you on your
basic skills. The basic skills are some things like math and science,
a little bit of logic, a little bit of language and if you can't
pass that basic part, then unfortunately you can't join the military
at that time. That doesn't prevent you from going back and trying to
get some of those skills, trying to learn some of those things and
trying again. You can try as many times as you want. However, once
you join the military, then however you did in high school doesn't matter
at all but it does really affect your promotion. So, if you're
not really strong in school, then you're going to really hate the fact
that, to be advanced, you're going to be tested. That advancement
exam is going to really test all of the things that you learned in
school and all of your on job training. So, hopefully you pick up some
of those high school motivational habits when you're in the military.